It is my pleasure to announce the second release of `baby`.

```
  opam update
  opam install baby.20241204
```

`baby` is an OCaml library that offers persistent sets and maps based on balanced binary search trees. It offers replacements for OCaml's `Set` and `Map` modules.

Height-balanced and weight-balanced binary search trees are offered out of the box. Furthermore, to advanced users, the library offers a lightweight way of implementing other balancing strategies.

[Documentation](https://cambium.inria.fr/~fpottier/baby/doc/baby/) is available online.

The changes in this release are as follows:

* The library now offers both sets and maps. The modules `Baby.H.Set` and `Baby.W.Set` continue to exist, and are compatible with OCaml's `Set` library. The modules `Baby.H.Map` and `Baby.W.Map` appear, and are compatible with OCaml's `Map` library. Furthermore, the functors `Baby.H.Make` and `Baby.W.Make` appear. These functors produce a module that contains sets, maps, and two conversion functions between sets and maps, namely `domain` and `lift`.

* Documentation: in the signature `OrderedType`, clarify the specification of the function `compare`; this function decides a total preorder `≤`.

* Documentation: in the preamble, clarify that, most of the time, we assume that `≤` is total order; if an operation must be understood in the more general case where `≤` is a total preorder, then this is explicitly indicated.

* Documentation: update the documentation of `find` and `find_opt` in accordance with the previous point.

* A number of incompatible changes have been made; see [the change log](https://github.com/fpottier/baby/blob/main/CHANGES.md) for details.
