It is my pleasure to announce the first release of `baby`.

`baby` is an OCaml library that offers several implementations of balanced binary search trees. At this time, `baby` offers a replacement for OCaml's `Set` module; it does not yet have a replacement for OCaml's `Map` module.

Height-balanced and weight-balanced binary search trees are offered out of the box. Furthermore, to advanced users, the library offers a lightweight way of implementing other balancing strategies.

The following points offer a comparison between `baby` and OCaml's `Set` library.

## Better Performance

At the time of writing, `baby` offers generally better performance than OCaml's `Set` library. Its operations are generally faster (sometimes much faster; sometimes slightly faster; sometimes slightly slower) than those of the `Set` library, and its memory allocation rate is slightly lower.

## Constant-Time Cardinal

In contrast with the `Set` library, `baby`'s weight-balanced trees offer a `cardinal` function whose time complexity is *O(1)*. They also offer a family of random access functions (`get`, `index`, etc.) whose time complexity is *O(log n)*. Furthermore, by exploiting cardinality information, the functions `subset` and `equal` are sometimes able to return `false` in constant time.

## Better Sharing

`baby`'s binary operations (`union`, `inter`, `diff`) take advantage of (and preserve) physical equality in a more aggressive way. This allows them to (sometimes) be faster and allocate less memory.

## Adaptive Conversions To Sets

`baby`'s conversion functions `of_list`, `of_array`, and `of_seq` have adaptive complexity. If the input data is sorted, their complexity is *O(n)*; otherwise, their complexity gracefully degrades down to *O(n.log n)*.

## More Operations

`baby` offers a few operations that do not exist in OCaml's `Set` library:

+ The symmetric difference, `xor`;
+ The conversion functions `of_array` and `to_array`;
+ The extremum-removal functions `remove_min_elt` and `remove_max_elt`;
+ The enumeration API in the submodule `Enum`. Enumerations should be slightly faster than standard sequences, and are able to efficiently seek ahead, via the function `from`.

## Documented Complexity

In `baby`, the time complexity of every operation is documented.

## Compatibility

`baby` is perfectly compatible with OCaml's Set library. In other words, using `Baby.W.Set` instead of `Set` is safe.

As a word of warning, though, if the equivalence relation on elements is coarser than equality (that is, if `compare x y = 0` does not imply `x = y`), then `Baby.W.Set` and `Set` might behave differently when a choice must be made between two equivalent elements. This can occur in `union`, `of_list`, `of_array`, `of_seq`, `add_seq`, `map`.
